this is Nick Nelson that scientists of
muscle and what I've got for you today
is a very interesting version of power
start lactic acid training now this
version is done using the bench pressing
and bands it's a reverse band beds press
but for power started like the Kazon
training no basically this is a great
fat loss technique and it's a great way
to preserve strength while training for
fat loss the first sets you're going to
do is 20-plus reps you're going to go
for power you're getting over speed and
you're really going to try and crank out
as many reps as you possibly can
now I've got the band on here it's going
to stretch as I lower the weight and
that's going to help take up some
resistance at the bottom now as I press
the bar up that's when then kind of
tracks and take some of the weight and
you can put some of the weight back on
you so it's a really really good way to
follow the strength curve the bench
press exercise so what I've got here
simple events we've got 315 in the bar
that's going to give me some assistance
out of the bottom and remove that
assistant so they come with the top so
it really allows me to a little be
exercised very effectively
now the power start lactic acid training
we're going to do is set very high reps
to 20 plus reps and then I'm gonna
arrest 20 seconds in that first 20
seconds rest I'm actually gonna peel off
a plate off either side so that's going
to drop the weight to 225 while still
keeping the bands on there now at that
point I'm going to cry
as many more reps as I can again I'm
gonna stay that way and keep on cranking
out more as maybe rough as I can sets on
20 seconds rest until I've got ten total
sets down now
this is a great way to build up one leg
acid which helps with fat loss because
like it has it really sets off a lot of
growth hormone your way was critical
normal eccentric
pardon something there's like basement
I'm gonna get started first up I guess
it's going to be fairly heavy gonna be
medium to high reps cranking as many of
the plus we can then go in for basically
the light gets bird to get it there and
keep it there here's what it looks like
first off the plate continued
when you're doing this dealing you wanna
make sure the bands bars even bar as
possible
as you can see the reps are dropping
down quite a bit
good I like to guess the build-up and
using the bands like this really lets it
grind up those reps I really get that
burn cranked up real good
that's four total sets we got six more
to do and we'll come back to you we just
finished the ten sets of their spam
press here with the power start like the
castrating format now if you're worried
about using the band's don't be because
these bands are really used by a lot of
top power lifters to unload the bottom
and really load up allow you to load up
at the top range specifically the
lockout because as it stretches that
obviously takes up way from you but as
you come to lock out that weight comes
back down on you so you're really
hitting a lot more resistance and then
Tomic portion of the range motion and
message strength for extreme
did you have the band's definitely give
this one a try it's a short life guest
train